docs(compute): instances/elastic-metal/dedibox datasheet (#2542)
scaleway/docs-content: bare-metal/dedibox/reference-content/dedibox-datasheet.mdx

---
meta:
  title: Dedibox - Technical product specification
  description: This page shows the technical characteristics of the Dedibox offer.
content:
  h1: Dedibox - Technical product specification
  paragraph: This page shows the technical characteristics of the Dedibox offer.
tags: dedibox server
dates:
  validation: 2023-12-18
  posted: 2023-12-18
categories:
  - compute
---

> 

Author: ```suggestion

# Dedibox datasheet
The datasheet for Dedibox provides a concise overview of their performance, technical features, components, materials, and associated documentation.
```

---
meta:
  title: Dedibox - Technical product specification

>   description: This page shows the technical characteristics of the Dedibox offer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: This page shows the technical characteristics of the different Dedibox offers.
```

content:
  h1: Dedibox - Technical product specification

>   paragraph: This page shows the technical characteristics of the Dedibox offer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  paragraph: This page shows the technical characteristics of the different Dedibox offers.
```

tags: dedibox server
dates:
  validation: 2023-12-18
  posted: 2023-12-18
categories:
  - compute
---

# Dedibox datasheet

> The datasheet for Dedibox provides a concise overview of their performance, technical features, components, materials, and associated documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This datasheet provides a concise overview of the performance, technical features, components, materials, and associated documentation for different Dedibox offers.
```
